# ContentMark Archive

Welcome to the grave of one my first projects with Python. I first wrote this back in 2015 when I was getting into a tabletop RPG called Shadowrun. This was the monolithic script that I used to convert content file into an HTML document, in a way similar to how wiki syntax worked. I called the format ContentMark, as it was a sort of Markdown for Content, and the program Exploder, as it expanded all markdown into a full HTML document. In short, this was my attempt at bringing my game book into the digital realm, allowing for quicker referencing and easier access.

Since I used this to convert files of copywritten content, I won't be uploading the files I was processing. I retyped, formatted, and corrected my copy of Shadowrun First Edition into content files that I used exploder.py to expand into HTML documents. The final results included using copywritten fonts, images, and names from the book.

exploder.py is the hobbled together engine of this project. I used this to generate the pages from the content I previously formatted/created/retyped and rapidly compile HTML documents. A few revisions ago this worked rather well, I don't recall what was the last feature I tried to implement that killed it. This was a very passion driven project that failed to continue once the passion was outweighed by the burden of my old code. This was a huge lesson on project scope management for me, and had a lot of learning it.

default_page.html was a concept I only partially implemented, the idea was to be able to adjust the structure of the page on the fly, depending on what my target format was. However, it became apparent quickly that a default HTML document was the best format for my uses already. Originally, I had aspirations of being able to quickly output the the ContentMark documents into Android applications, but it was simpler to just implement responsive design and access the results via a web browser on the mobile device. 

ContentMarkSyntax.txt has some of the notes I created while building this script. This was the closest thing I had to a design document when I was implementing new features, much of this project was based off these notes I kept. It wasn't until much later that I learned better project management techniques, feature creep and poor revision management made this project unmanageable in the long run. Once my enthusiasm faded for Shadowrun, the scattered documents and files everywhere made this unappealing to continue to work on. If you're interested in this concept though, I recommend looking up Wikimedia's formatting for wikis. That was the inspiration for the syntax I implemented.